Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
Some danger always
lies in the act of hunting...
...despite the fact
it is an Imperial event.
You never know what kind of
beasts hide within the woods...
What are you trying to say?
Of course, not only
are the beasts dangerous...
...but also the stray arrows that
may have been launched at the beasts.
A stray arrow?
And a nastily
poisoned stray arrow at that...
If you mean...
A stray arrow, General.
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
Assassination
Well, it seems they
cannot catch the quarry easily.
Would Your Majesty like to
pursue the quarry with them?
No, I would not.
I'm not as young as I used to be...
...and I'm afraid of incurring their
displeasure when I carry the quarry off...
...which they have
been pursuing for two hours.
It is very kind of Your Majesty.
Look out, it's running into the brush!
Well done, kid!
There's no use getting sore!
I don't get sore!
Your feelings are
written all over your face.
Why do we have to watch
those nobles playing around?
It's ridiculous!
We've got no choice.
This is our duty, too.
Besides, this is easier to deal
with than fighting on some battlefield.
That's true!
There's no need to
worry about being killed.
I like swinging my
sword in battle, it's my nature.
Oh man, can you think of
anything more complicated than that?
Corkus, you again...
Shut up!
Listen!
It's a very important honor...
Formally, the only escorts for the
Fall Hunt were the White Dragons...
...the best knights
in the regular army!
In other words, we were signaled out
and granted the privilege to be escorts!
We've had to run back
and fourth in battle for years...
...to reach this
point, and win real status.
But you...
How dare you call this ridiculous?
If you love wielding your
sword so much, suit yourself!
Do you dislike hunting?
W-Well...
I...
This is my first time going hunting.
My father
compelled me to go with him...
...but I do not think I
should like such a thing as hunting.
It is cruel...
So is war...
Why do most men commit to such
affairs that only produce bloodshed?
Oh, my!
Hold it like so, then
place it softly onto your lips.
That swollen-headed...
Your Grace...
Do not fuss.
We will surely have
a better opportunity.
We had best wait for
a chance when he is alone.
There it goes!
Drive it into the corner!
Don't let it get away!
Pursue it!
My Lady!
Hey, look!
Whoa, whoa!
Whoa!
Have you hurt yourself, My Lady?
We're all right, aren't we?
My Lady...
What is the matter?
I was scared, very scared!
My heart is still beating so fast.
I have never ridden a horse
so fast before in all my life.
You seem to have been
distracted because of the fear.
Griffith!
Shall we go back, My Lady?
Everyone must be worried about you.
Griffith!
Captain, Captain!
Are you all right?
Griffith, are you all right?
Hold on!
Captain, hold on!
Griffith!
Hey, Princess!
What's this all about?
Where the hell did
this arrow come from?
From where?
You're hurting me!
Leave me alone!
I-I do not know, I do not...
Not good...
...the arrow might
have pierced his heart.
No way!
That arrow was well poisoned with
the extract of the deadly Calagile bean.
Even a scratch will let the poison
get into his blood and send him to hell.
Griffith!
Do not panic.
Captain!
Hey!
Are you really okay?
It must be...
...poisoned, for sure.
And a deadly poison, as well...
So, how come?
This is why.
This served as my shield.
The Egg of the King!
It's that...
...necklace you always wear.
How can it be?
Can it really be true?
Wow, it's really a miracle...
It's more like the devil's
own luck than a miracle.
Yeah, that must be
like a talisman against evil.
The devil's luck...
That was some kind of luck...
It's amazing!
Griffith, remove your armor just in case.
I've got to see
whether you got injured or not.
No need.
I'm totally fine.
No way!
It was poisoned, wasn't it?
What if you got a scratch
and the worst should happen?
Believe me, I am fine.
I escaped without
a scratch on my body.
But if...
E-Excuse me...
I am sorry.
This happened only because
I could not handle a horse...
That is not a concern, My Lady.
It is our duty to guard you.
Who in the world intended
to kill our captain anyway?
Wait, could he have
been aiming at the princess?
We can't let this go either way!
Let's kill him!
I'll search the brush
around here with my men.
Come on, get moving!
It is quite expensive.
This poison, I mean.
How shameful!
I sincerely apologize, but...
I have no ears for your excuses!
The affair has been
settled for the present...
...it's assumed Chuder's assassins
were aiming at the Princess' life.
We are virtually immune to suspicion.
On the other hand, our actions...
...allowed Griffith to get credit for
guarding the Princess' life with his own body.
All the commoners began talking of
him as a hero once the news got around!
Even His Majesty is very grateful!
Ultimately, we have
helped him increase his position!
What a shameful situation!
But the arrow could never
have perfectly struck his chest...
...if the assassin was
really aiming at the princess.
What do you think I
should do, go and explain...
...to His Majesty that we were
merely trying to assassinate Griffith?
On top of all this, he's
still alive, as you well know!
All things considered, that
was most unlikely to happen...
Enough!
Leave!
His eyes...
He looked as if he had power over me...
As if I was a trifling
thing to be held in contempt...
That look was in his eyes.
Nonsense!
I am royalty!
I even have a claim to the throne!
Regarding my status and class...
...there is a world of differences
between me and that man of common birth.
Nevertheless...
I've seen that look before...
For a moment, his eyes seemed
to be a beast's focusing on prey...
Yes!
He gazed at me the way
a hawk would gaze at prey...
Is it because...
No, that cannot be.
There were many
other feudal lords nearby.
I just met his gaze for a moment...
Firstly, there was no evidence of it...
He couldn't...
Hey...
Thanks for coming.
Can you wait a moment?
I'll finish up everything soon.
It keeps on growing.
Have you read them all?
Well yes, almost.
When you become so important,
you must do more than battle.
Well, I really just read
them out of mere curiosity.
History, religion,
philosophy, chemistry, tactics...
There is even a book on applying
makeup and a book on cooking...
...there are so many...
So, what's the problem?
I want to ask you to kill a man for me.
Kill a man?
Who?
The man who is next in
line to the throne of Midland...
...the General of the
White Dragons, Count Yurius.
The reason...
...is this!
This arrow was poisoned with the
essence of the deadly Calagile bean.
No ordinary person would
ever have a use for such a bean.
Only one man has purchased
this deadly poison recently...
He is the best archer in the
White Dragons, a man named Hail.
I paid off an attendant
to help smell out the plot.
She reported that she saw that
man come out of Yurius' office...
...this evening, right after he got
a good scolding from the general.
This is an assassination.
It could not be more
different than fighting in battle.
It's a dirty task and you
can not be allowed to fail.
You must not be seen, either.
On account of the difficulty, I am
asking if you would undertake the task.
Will you undertake it for me?
This is not like you.
You should just order me to do it,
without saying all this other crap.
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Dreams...
Each man has dreams...
Each man longs to pursue his dream.
It tortures him, but the
dream gives meaning to his life.
Even if the dream
only destroys his own life...
...no man can allow
himself to leave it behind.
In this world...
...is man ever able to
possess anything more solid...
...than a dream?
Noble Man